Propose the use of darker instead of black (#767)
pymeasure/pymeasure: docs/dev/coding_standards.rst

.. _flake8: https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/

It is allowed but not required to use the `black`_ code formatter. 

> To avoid introducing unrelated changes when working on an existing file, consider using the `darker`_ tool.

Author: Should I formulate stronger here? "use the `darker` tool"?

Reviewer: You can formulate it stronger, but not as strong: "it is recommended".

I'd add the reason as well: "to focus the changes on the implementation instead of unrelated formatting, helps the maintainers reviewing the code."
(it's not yet perfect, but I hope you get the idea)

Author: Sounds good, thanks!

.. _flake8: https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/

It is allowed but not required to use the `black`_ code formatter. 

> To avoid introducing unrelated changes when working on an existing file, it is recommended to use the `darker`_ tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid introducing unrelated changes when working on an existing file, it is recommended to use the `darker`_ tool instead of `black`.
```
We do not recommend darker in itself, but recommend it as a replacement for black, don't we?

.. _flake8: https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/

It is allowed but not required to use the `black`_ code formatter. 
To avoid introducing unrelated changes when working on an existing file, it is recommended to use the `darker`_ tool.

> This helps keep the focus on the implementation instead of unrelated formatting, and helps reviewers reviewing the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This helps to keep the focus on the implementation instead of unrelated formatting, and thereby facilitates code reviews.
```
I did not like two times review in a row.

Thanks for tackling that issue.
